together
[Laughter]
I call it Tyrannosaurus ball it's
beautiful it seems unnecessary screw the
Mona Lisa this is Art baby I don't think
so Chester eat that like button I know
it's a bunch of T-Rex's taped together
but I named them all collectively
Chester to save time I'll tape you to a
foot no you won't smelly one I'll do it
I got endless rolls of duct tape Chris
other YouTubers spend their money on
Lamborghinis I spend it on warehouses
full of duct tape my accountants really
pissed off why do you live in a
boxing let's go Chris are we Woody from
Toy Story apparently if he wrote
dinosaur oh yeah but he did write a
dinosaur yeah we were riding this
because I want this one too okay oh ah
what I thought those were coins we could
get now you gotta take them out before
they join you otherwise they stab you in
their face with the little pointy faces
rude oh we didn't even get we got
nothing so I guess we're shooting oh I
think we're shooting Nets at them to
like capture them I thought we were
Spider-Man for a second or Chris Pratt
okay we can't
it's a hymn
oh we're gonna increase our fire right I
don't think we're gonna get that one
that's my favorite dinosaur though
that's an English horse
that's nice that's my second favorite
dinosaur all right now we gotta drag to
merge our dinosaurs oh my God is this
how babies are made
nope this is slightly bigger knife so it
looks like a Spinosaurus or something or
no they're gonna fight it looks like
Yoshi if he was great okay oh smack the
mother's tail I love when he killed
dinosaurs and money comes out that's why
they went extinct because all the
cavemen knew if he killed the dinosaur
the money came out I was educated by the
American public school system I'm great
uh increase our fire rate I really want
the Ankylosaurus all right guys a little
bit of damage all right dual shot oh
whoa dual shot what sounds good to me
okay now we can do we shoot two like
double gun score okay through the
negative one fire right I'm a genius oh
dude that seems very uncomfortable for
his backside where's that fin going oh
okay so now we can combine the purple
ones look at me I'm learning Chris no
I'll just power and that one was there
that one was there and then we can find
those as you know I want them to fight
maybe we'll do that later you know you
don't wanna because it depends on
whether or not the straw I'm doing
calculations in my head the likes of
which you could not conceive you've
thought way too much about that it's
just a million times a million is seven
what any questions what you heard me
what is even happening right now who get
that one he's better looking for purple
we're gonna hit him oh gee would I do
minus one see I feel like they add that
thing in the game because you get all
those crappy mobile games ads where it's
like oh we need to do the plus and minus
thing no one's ever gonna choose the
minus
I want that guy oh I almost well it's
it's it's people that are like oh look
those guys in the ads chose the minus
I'm smarter than them I'll show them by
downloading it oh we're filling up okay
we got we got it we gotta start all
right what is it gonna make now green
plus green equals oh my God hey YouTube
purples we're not underwater but it
doesn't make any sense whatever uh
[Music]
ankylosaurus I'd hate to step on that
guy I'd hate to hit my ankles on him
okay we're gonna send this guy out there
to die uh operation human shield that
died oh no he died but he distracted
them so invict in death he uh he says
look at this guy's face as he died he
looks so happy
made it to a dinosaur Valhalla by Rick
all the way up oh I don't know which one
to choose I'm stupid oh dang I shouldn't
have said that now Chris is gonna be
quoting that for the rest of his life
you're stupid no remember that one time
he said I was smart I definitely don't
remember that all right you go there you
there you go there thank you babies
quick there's blur this no don't do it I
want to see it I don't want to get rid
of mankley sources though they're my
favorite no combine them we must no I'll
do it later see this guy's gonna go in
there and die like an idiot and they're
gonna come around and be awesome even
though those are all like underwater
dinosaurs so it doesn't really make any
sense they're just kind of floating
around if I saw something that was
supposed to be the water flying around
I'm scared I once saw Nemo when he was
lost and I stepped on him
you're supposed to be in water and
that's how the movie ended again that
was just an orange hamster oh no
whiskers no oh give me that oh everyone
is so bad I want to Triceratops oh
tricera so my wife's name is Sarah and
I'm still not convinced she's not
secretly a Triceratops it sounds very
similar doesn't it it does I'm
suspicious now as well well she's 80
she's 87 feet long and she weighs 40
tons and she's got she's she's a
constantly okay that's known Goring
things with these big spikes in her hair
that she told me are braids no I'm not
convinced she's always going
and she's always eating plants do you
see honey do you need anything from the
store
oh apparently I can't deal with
Dinosaurs oh here we go oh but
pterodactyl you know why you can't eat
pterodactyls go to the bathroom why
because they're extinct that was darker
and sadder than I thought
oh no Triceratops my wife she looks just
like that she's on their team you
traitor my wife
can I get both of her good on the middle
I do
I tricked the game I got them both I'm a
genius okay this dinosaur would hurt
like hell to sit on too look oh my gosh
I'm sitting on a bunch of spikes okay
that Spike's gold where the sun don't
shine I need some uh I don't know what
are those old hemorrhoid cream ads you
see on TV Preparation H preparation Ace
there it is thank you I couldn't
remember now I just sound like a crazy
person super yes Chris but super glue on
your butt legal disclaimer please do not
put super glue on your butt what kind of
Triceratops
yeah okay I'm gonna put this little guy
in the front he's just like guys
I don't want to be up here we're like no
it's okay you'll do great I believe in
you yeah oh this is how c-top plays with
his action figures by the way this is
this is pretty much the same thing come
on give me that one yeah Source all
right go right in the middle get both
like a boss
almost lost it that's like a quad
ceratops I almost lost it okay what's
what's the next dinosaur oh okay that
looks like a full-size T-Rex there we
got this little baby idiot over here I
think it's just it's just gonna be a
slightly different shade at Triceratops
how dare you sir how dare you this is
the most scientifically accurate game
that has ever existed yes
yes ceratops that's um Chris what does
try mean t-r-i hmm it means to attempt
not three do they look like they have
three specs on their head they have a
different name like I tried to be right
that's it we're presenting this little
idiot up front
I hate when he thinks he's clever oh no
oh we're gonna lose oh no run run
and someone needs more dinosaurs all
right I got you this time you little
idiots oh yeah I lead with him yeah now
we're talking how do you know I'm still
gonna put this little lady in the front
it's like Chris
this dies immediately
oh we're starting to lose oh no oh no
okay get there get through there kill
that
kill that
oh look at that tiny sliver of health
because I'm a genius
come on oh man this dinosaur Rodeo is
getting crazy yeah that's what not even
close man oh oh we got this guy oh there
we go we got off our fire look it's just
like a solid smear of netting I like
that word there you go there you go
there you go there I'm never getting a
little dude again so this guy's with me
forever forever forever and it's like a
football play true boy he got here Chris
you want to send the T-Rex through the
T-Zone down here and then move football
right there I know you got them Circle
here so you got to get the angry stores
up to the first down and he's gonna stab
the goaltender with his tail I don't
know football
field goal wait a minute I was just
thinking it finally happened guys
you shut up it was his first thought
ever Here's my thought okay dinosaurs
supposedly evolved into Birds right huh
if they've evolved into Birds yeah that
means they're chickens and that means
dino nuggets are actually dinosaur
nuggets
right
that is their nuggets oh my God look at
him he's beautiful no I don't want him I
tried Chris he was too Brown he looks
like a big turdosaurus
okay we're starting to run out of room
here you you go there you make the T-Rex
two T-Rexes we're gonna flank him with a
couple of that and then he's gonna be
the back up there I like this lineup
makeup good looking lineup right there
because we gotta shoot through this guy
first there we go I'm the best at making
dinosaurs murder each other kind of like
Pokemon when you think about it like
adorable little creatures go beat each
other to death wow that's disturbing
sure it's okay when he deal with Pokemon
but when I get two hamsters together I
know I thought I got bad from Petco like
hamster attack they're gonna buy those
no why I'm like oh you're challenging me
I'm the greatest pokemaster
sorry sir turn off the music you need to
leave this Petco jeez okay we got some
of these we got some more Triceratops oh
my gosh oh that's a lot three Turtle
stories
that's a few but I've got one now
and then we'll see we're gonna distract
them with this little dude and then
we're gonna jump on them it worked Chris
look his first attack winner for that
stupid little goober I'm a genius all
right now the pterodactyls are fighting
each other but they should be easily
matched except for that one just die
doesn't make any sense but the same
thing
you want to go through the minus that's
that's better that's not true don't mind
don't do it you fool you went through
both I know but I I got another dinosaur
that you didn't get before because
you're dumb
[Laughter]
if I don't have this I don't have to
make fun of him he does it to himself oh
yeah I'm so good at games bro you're not
gonna get that one get that one
I finally almost kind of sort of maybe
respect you don't lie hey buddy you want
to get some dinner together okay maybe a
circle one it's Phil Collins
Mama gold murder the dinosaurs you go
over there full left baby you're crazy
man it'll never work it'll never work I
can't even tell what's going on anymore
they're tussling they're excited winning
have you ever heard of it obviously not
or I wouldn't be playing I win every day
I think I lost I think I lost pretty bad
yeah that was uh that's pretty bad give
me give me give me give me give me give
me give me give me all right all right I
got your money 700 doll hairs just go
with this lineup do it yeah you know I'm
just gonna leave it up to Destiny
Destiny's Child but you still got my big
ankly Morris yeah you keep them oh and
Clay Morris because he's more than
equally so yeah you goober oh only a
hundred oh my God why is it dinosaurs
shouldn't Gamble
oh they're irresponsible with their
money that's why they went extinct that
I asteroid that was actually a time
share they invested in stupid dinosaurs
Time Shares are it doesn't make any
sense who'd want to go to Aspen in the
summer but you get a free
we got a big you're forget about the got
a big old crew here baby
[Music]
brachinosauruses oh my God big long
necks okay I was filling up a bit all
right what's gonna be it's gonna be that
noise okay let's put him in the middle
you know through there yeah okay we got
to start doubling up we're good I'm it's
getting very cluttered here Chris I
don't like it right trust me go all left
yeah because that works so well just
like Chris in a fight he tries to hit
him with his butt yeah
fire rate fire rate so I'm all oh my
goodness gracious double gun oh this is
too much
oh my God that's that's not enough so
that's my favorite dinosaur dragon the
dragon oh definitely the source
that's the other kills Newman well done
Chris oh that's a Pokemon let's say that
Sam just looks like a Pokemon the people
being in this game was like I can't
remember any of the dinosaurs
that's the skull head Pokemon it's weird
because now we're into smaller dinosaurs
they just made them too big
him in the front like that's the one
that broke Chris Pratt out of jail oh my
gosh
the Jurassic World 2
are you real stupid he actually that
what he Chris Pratt annoyed him so he
broke him out of jail Chris Pratt annoys
me too you don't see me breaking people
out of jail
what his movies his movies have uh got
out of control
what the hell heck did that
uh you don't know what that is I can't
see it that's uh an an
animat it's from Monster Hunter
safariosaurus rex look at this Mighty
Roar look how it's died looks like
something turned into a rug you know
what I'm going I'm playing the numbers
game okay yeah I'm not even combining
the results I think that's just called
that oh oh my God we wrecked them so
much to the frame rate bro hey look at
Muni yeah oh we got too many people oh
wait the auto combined oh wow
that
is that the one Parasaurolophus
uh no that's pachyosaurus I'm right all
the time even from Rock I'll just delete
the comments so oh
oh you're one of those YouTubers
this was terrible I got one I got two
dinosaurs with me but look at what we're
about to make together that one's not
even a dinosaur
dragons make them
imagine if the Godzilla movie the guy
was like let them meet okay we've got a
big old combine here oh practice wait
where did the little guy go oh no way to
go he might have gone pushed out it's
Evolution Chris you can't fight it all
right here we go oh I'm Parasaurolophus
purposely irises yup that's it it nailed
it why are the dragons wow he's kind of
a wuss yeah I'm gonna leave an earth
no he did fine he took the brunt of the
the
the impact Chris okay he did great you
stupid dragons who made this game
dragons aren't dinosaurs dragons are
dinosaurs I refuse to play anymore if
they're playing but dinosaurs and
dragons this is a dinosaur game I'm
having a blah
we don't like you guys Drew I'll see you
next time bye love you Fred's very
minute
Christmas